README.md, before:

# Whitespace development standards
**Note: This document is currently a Work In Progress** and should not be referred to for active development. If you would like to contribute to the repository, please do so with the following steps:

 1. Open an issue detailing the suggested changes.
 2. If changes are agreed, make them in a branch and then create a pull request.
 3. Changes will merged once reviewed.

The following guidance details our minimum level of standards for any work created by the Digital Production team.

These are living 🍃 documents, and can be contributed to by any member of the team, provided a pull request is made beforehand.

## Keywords used within these documents
The keywords within these documents are consistent and developers with information that is easy to digest. The following terms are used throughout:

 - **must** - The rule defines an action which must be taken.
 - **must not** - The rule defines an action which must not be taken.
 - **should** - The rule defines actions which should be taken, but only where practical and may be excepted.
 - **should not** The rule defines actions which should not be taken, but only where practical.
 - **exceptions** - Some rules have exceptions which when applicable, usually mean that the rule can be safely ignored.
 - **optionally** - This portion of a rule is optional, but still considered good practice.

## Menu

 - [Administration](/Admin/Index.md) /
 - [Coding](/Coding/Index.md) /
 - [Production](/Production/Index.md) /
 - [Resources](/Resources/Index.md) /

## Contributing
If you want to contribute, modify or otherwise get involved with the production of these standards: Great! Thank you! Please look at the [Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md) file before submitting any requests and feel free to create an issue if you aren’t sure what kind of thing it is you want to add.

Commit message:

Rewrote intro
removed WIP to make more proper
removed contributing para as covered in section below
renamed team to "Development"
added intro with WiseWords(tm)

README.md, after:

# Whitespace development standards

## Introduction

The following guidance details our minimum level of standards for any work created by the Development team.

This guidance is a combination of our collective experience, industry best practice and deliberate decisions made to foster consistency and ease of maintenance. The old adage goes that "80% of software development is maintenance" - so remember to think about the next developer on any project.

Our industry is young and best practice can be a moveable feast. Be deliberate in your choices and remember that just because you **can** does not mean you **should**.

These are living 🍃 documents, and can be contributed to by any member of the team, provided a pull request is made beforehand.

## Keywords used within these documents
The keywords within these documents are consistent and developers with information that is easy to digest. The following terms are used throughout:

 - **must** - The rule defines an action which must be taken.
 - **must not** - The rule defines an action which must not be taken.
 - **should** - The rule defines actions which should be taken, but only where practical and may be excepted.
 - **should not** The rule defines actions which should not be taken, but only where practical.
 - **exceptions** - Some rules have exceptions which when applicable, usually mean that the rule can be safely ignored.
 - **optionally** - This portion of a rule is optional, but still considered good practice.

## Menu

 - [Administration](/Admin/Index.md) /
 - [Coding](/Coding/Index.md) /
 - [Production](/Production/Index.md) /
 - [Resources](/Resources/Index.md) /

## Contributing
If you want to contribute, modify or otherwise get involved with the production of these standards: Great! Thank you! Please look at the [Contributing](/CONTRIBUTING.md) file before submitting any requests and feel free to create an issue if you aren’t sure what kind of thing it is you want to add.
